feat: implementation of implicit point origins (#522)
mpusz/mp-units: docs/users_guide/framework_basics/the_affine_space.md

```

If we want to model a trip to Mount Everest, measuring all daily hikes from the `mean_sea_level`
might not be efficient. We may know that we are not good climbers, so all our climbs can be
represented with an 8-bit integer type, allowing us to save memory in our database of climbs.

For this purpose, we can define a `relative_point_origin` in the following way:

```cpp
constexpr struct everest_base_camp : relative_point_origin<mean_sea_level + 5364 * m> {} everest_base_camp;
```

The above can be used as an origin for subsequent _points_:

```cpp
constexpr quantity_point first_climb_alt = everest_base_camp + isq::altitude(std::uint8_t{42} * m);
static_assert(first_climb_alt.quantity_from(everest_base_camp) == 42 * m);
static_assert(first_climb_alt.quantity_from(mean_sea_level) == 5406 * m);
```

As we can see above, the `quantity_from()` member function returns a relative distance from the
provided point origin.

### Converting between different representations of the same _point_

As we might represent the same _point_ with _vectors_ from various origins, the **mp-units** library

> provides facilities to convert the _point_ to the `quantity_point` class templates expressed in
> terms of different origins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
provides facilities to convert the _point_ to `quantity_point` class templates expressed in
terms of origins relative to each other in the type system.
```
I remember "different" raising concerns about "reinterpreting origins".
So this makes it more clear up front rather than leaving it all to the note at the end.
